update feature flag billing questions (#8939)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/common-questions.mdx

    alt="How to duplicate as static cohort" 
    classes="rounded"
/>

## Billing & usage

> Feature flags are charged based requests made to our `/decide` endpoint, which is used to evaluate a feature flag for a given user. They are not billed based on `$feature_flag_called` events, which are optional events sent for metrics tracking, not for actual feature flag evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature flags are charged based requests made to our `/decide` endpoint, which is used to evaluate a feature flag for a given user. They are **not** billed based on `$feature_flag_called` events, which are optional events sent for metrics tracking, not for actual feature flag evaluation.
```

### How can I estimate the number of feature flag requests I'll be charged for?

import FlagChargeEstimate from "./snippets/flag-charge-estimate.mdx"

<FlagChargeEstimate />

### I have very few `$feature_flag_called` events when I look at a flag, but my bill is still very high, why is this?

> `$feature_flag_called` events are captured whenever you call `getFeatureFlag()` or `isFeatureEnabled()`. Also, they're not sent every time and are only sent when the flag value changes for a given person. 
> 
> This is different from requests made to our servers to compute flags, which is what feature flag billable requests are. Thus, generally, there will be no relation between the number of `$feature_flag_called` events and the usage you see in your billing.

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused with the sentence as it stands.
```suggestion
`$feature_flag_called` events are **not** captured for every billable `/decide` request. `$feature_flag_called` events are only captured when you: 

- Call `getFeatureFlag()` or `isFeatureEnabled()` or the equivalent method in our SDKs.
- When the flag value changes for a given person.
- When you capture them manually (e.g. for tracking experiments).  

This means there is no relation between the number of `$feature_flag_called` events and the usage you see in your billing.
```

### How can I reduce the cost of feature flags?

If your feature flag usage or costs are too high, there a few methods to reduce them:

#### 1. Reduce client-side feature flag requests

> In our [JavaScript web](/docs/libraries/js) and [React Native](/docs/libraries/react-native) SDKs, you can reduce the cost of feature flags by reducing the number of requests your client makes to fetch feature flag values for your users.

Reviewer: Reducing cost already in title so don't need to repeat
```suggestion
In our [JavaScript web](/docs/libraries/js) and [React Native](/docs/libraries/react-native) SDKs, you can reduce the number of requests your client makes to fetch feature flag values for your users.
```

> 1. Using the the [advanced configuration](/docs/libraries/js#advanced-configuration), set `advanced_disable_feature_flags_on_first_load` to `true`. This stops automatically requesting feature flags whenever a page loads. This is useful when you're immediately calling `posthog.identify()` anyway, which requests flags again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using the the [advanced configuration](/docs/libraries/js#advanced-configuration), set `advanced_disable_feature_flags_on_first_load` to `true`. This stops automatic feature flags requests on page loads. This is useful when you're immediately calling `posthog.identify()` anyway, which requests flags again.
```

> 2. Using the the [advanced configuration](/docs/libraries/js#advanced-configuration), set `advanced_disable_feature_flags` to `true`. This stops PostHog automatically requesting feature flags. Instead, use [bootstrapping](/docs/feature-flags/bootstrapping) to load flags exactly once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Using the [advanced configuration](/docs/libraries/js#advanced-configuration), set `advanced_disable_feature_flags` to `true`. This stops PostHog automatically requesting feature flags. Instead, use [bootstrapping](/docs/feature-flags/bootstrapping) to load flags exactly once.
```

#### 2. Reduce local evaluation costs

> If you're using [local evaluation](/docs/feature-flags/local-evaluation), your bill may be high because of too many requests to fetch feature flag definitions. By default, PostHog fetches these every 30 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using [local evaluation](/docs/feature-flags/local-evaluation), your bill may be high because PostHog fetches feature flag definitions every 30 seconds by default
```

> Each request charges 10 credits, so assuming your server is constantly running and making 2 requests per minute, this will charge `10 * 2 * 60 * 24 * 30 = 864,000 credits` each month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each local evaluation request charges 10 credits, so assuming your server is constantly running and making the default 2 requests per minute, this will charge `10 * 2 * 60 * 24 * 30 = 864,000 credits` each month.
```
